Description: GoHiking! is an app for finding hikes around the areas, seeing the condition of the hiking trails and reviews, and arranging a group hiking activity. GoHiking! allows the creation of a list of hikes and sharing the lists among friends.  Basic Feature:  Basic user management, such as users can create accounts, log in, and manage profiles. The homepage of the app will give a map and five hiking locations nearby on a map without any logged-in user. This location will contain information about the hiking trails, such as amenities, trail conditions, and difficulty. Users can mark any trail as a favorite and create custom lists. Users can add other users as a friend. A user can see the friend’s shared list and add them in group activity. 

Feature 1: Create Custom List A user can create a custom list and can set the access permission to public or private. The user's friend can see the public lists. Users can add hiking trails to any of the lists. Users can also change the permissions on their favorite list. To add a friend, the user can search for a user from the "Add friend" page/tab and add that user as a friend. No confirmation is required for the other user.   

Feature 2: Group Activity Any user can create a group activity. The group activity will have an activity title, location (hiking trail), date & time, and participants' capacity. Another user can find the upcoming group activity from the group activity page/tab and join according to their interests and location as long as there are enough spots left. Users can see other users who joined without joining the activity. Users also can add a friend to the group activity. Any user can leave the group activity.  

Feature 3: Search & Review Users can search for a hiking trail using their name. It will show a list of matched trails. There will be an option to filter the results based on difficulty and available activities. Clicking items on a list will show the details of the hiking trail. Users can put reviews about the trail and can see other user's reviews.  Besides the review, the user can give a rating for that trial out of 5.  
